then beautiful touch and pressure I was
pleased to describe it like NZ new poll
somebody don't want it to look you might
[Music]
as well sit down my job you're doing
really well
Sarah your eyes minute guys get
something be descriptive with your eyes
[Music]
this is horrible
that is actually such minimal bleeding
thing how many times your mouthwash
how long did it take to heal laughing oh
good I have rough moments I'd say for it
to be secure because the underneath of
this jewelry is has got those little
holes in it that you want it to your
body to grow through that to hold it in
nicely I'm just gonna tidy up a bit do I
need to have a little look I was there
but get it taken out that's like two one
in what haven't I have time I'll tell
you what grab a bit of jewelry and I'll
show you it and I can do that for you
you're facing it go back to the
consulate is horrible anyway like I said
it and there's I don't know I don't
think I ever want that done yes yeah
she's really good Oh green as well yeah
really nice your mommy's gonna kill you
later
absolutely there is a little bit sorry
Oh torrid on a dot but various they
drilled a hole right hold on to that
okay so on that bottom bit you've got
three little holes so your body needs to
your tissue will grind through those
holes and that's what